interrupt  c
suspend    z

backspace  h
enter      j
return     m
tabulation i

clear         l
close         x
command       :
complete      i
create        c
delete        d
edit          e
insert        i
layout        y
move          m
open          o
quit          q
reload        r
reload_config R
rename        r
repeat        .
resize        s
save          s
search        s
select        v
select_line   V
undo          u
yank          y
zoom          z

left  h
right l
up    k
down  j

alternate a
next      n
previous  p

split_horizontal s
split_vertical   v

zoom_in    +
zoom_out   -
zoom_reset =

bookmark b
buffer   b
download d
file     f
session  s
snippet  s
tab      t
tag      t
window   w

scroll_page_up            b
scroll_page_down          f
scroll_up                 u
scroll_down               d
scroll_line_up            y
scroll_line_down          e
scroll_prefix             z
scroll_line_top           t
scroll_line_middle        z
scroll_line_bottom        b
goto_top                  g
goto_bottom               G
line_top                  H
line_middle               M
line_bottom               L
line_start                0
line_first_char           ^
line_end                  $
word_previous_start       b
word_space_previous_start B
word_next_start           w
word_space_next_start     W
word_next_end             e
word_space_next_end       E
char_forward              f
char_backward             F
char_forward_before       t
char_backward_before      T
char_repeat               ;
char_repeat_reverse       ,
paragraph_previous        {
paragraph_next            }
matching_item             %
selection_other_end       o

mark_set  m
mark_jump '

macro_record q
macro_run    @

search_forward         /
search_backward        ?
search_repeat          n
search_repeat_reverse  N
search_forward_current *

command_start                b
command_end                  e
command_delete_backward_word w
command_delete_all           d
command_delete_start         u
